UBT simplified to a SP with 4x6m, all reference to RPC remove (#691)
ShipSoft/FairShip: CHANGELOG.md

* Set up of the shield name is now done using the `--shieldName` flag instead of `--scName`.
* Allow using standalone TPythia for use with ROOT 6.32+
* Use git-lfs to track ROOT files

> * Change of UBT geometry, remove implementatin of RPC and setting a new scoring plane of 4x6m

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Change of UBT geometry, remove implementation of RPC and setting a new scoring plane of 4×6 m
```
